Most businesses who come to YouTube get
stuck at the $10,000 a month mark, even
if their views continue to increase.
Meaning sales and profitability suck
until you know how to fix this. So, to
help you break through plateaus and
build a channel that is capable of
earning three to seven times more
without needing more and more views, I'm
going to review a real business that
wrote into me who's stuck at this point
and show you two different options they
have that could get them to $50,000 a
month. These options have helped
businesses I've been working with smash
through their plateaus and generate
millions. So, this is Sonic Sound and he
sells low ticket courses and digital
downloads. And he told me his biggest
problem was getting more views to
generate sales and trying to work out if
he should launch a high ticket offer.
Probably the two most common questions I
get asked from anyone selling anything
low ticket online. So, let's solve both
of these problems for him. And to do
that, I want to break down the three big
problems he has that are stopping him
and most businesses hitting $50,000
months. And this first one's actually
stopping him getting more sales and
views because what he's doing is known
as genre hopping. And this is super
common. So we got one video which is
house. Then we have the next one which
is techno. Then we have the next which
is drum and bass. What happens is you've
split your audience in three. So, let's
say you have 10,000 subs. Well, you
might only find that 3,000 care about
that, 3,000 care about that, 3,000 care
about that. So, when you make a video
about drum and bass, you're only really
appealing to a third of your audience.
So, I do have a solution for you that
means you can continue using this
strategy. Although, it's not necessarily
the one I advise, but I think we can
come up with a workound. Your next
problem is this. So if someone clicks on
your page here, they then go up here and
it's silent sound dust. Don't know what
that means. After hours, don't know what
that means. Speed. Don't know what that
means.
Don't know what that means. So they are
hit with an overwhelming amount of
options. Now if we go to your video, we
got a techno one here and hopefully
we'll see there's a techno product that
is relevant. Yeah, there we are. So,
you're kind of getting around this split
audience issue by putting the right link
to the right product under the video.
And that's good, but what you have now
is a huge amount of marketing complexity
because there's just so many options.
But I've got a solution for you. Don't
worry. And then the next problem you
have is basically what everyone who
sells low ticket products has, and it's
this, right? So, this is the problem
everyone comes up against selling low
ticket courses, low ticket plugins,
anything is you will come up with a new
course or plugin. What will happen is
you'll get this huge spike in sales the
week you launch it. And then what
happens is the next week it crashes a
ton because you've basically depleted
your hot audience. What that means is
all the people who really trust you,
ready to buy, who found your offer
really appealing. They're pretty much
gone. So you get this big hit. Then what
happens is the next week sales are still
okay. You've got some people coming in
from your limited time special offer
that you came up with. Then the next
week you don't have any promotion and a
few sales dribble in and then they start
to tick down and you think, "Ah, I need
to do something." So you have a sale and
whoosh, you get a massive spike again
cuz you've created this urgency. But
then the next week your sales almost
drop to nothing cuz once again, you've
depleted your whole audience and then
they go up a little bit and then they
kind of dribble in. So anybody who sells
low ticket always has this massive
problem where the moment they take away
urgency or an offer or a value ad, sales
crash. So, they're constantly having to
play this game of what do we come up
with next month to get more sales to
come in. Otherwise, they will come in.
But if there's no reason for someone to
sign up straight away, they often don't.
So, those are the three big problems.
And although you want to look at high
ticket, I have got a slightly different
option for you. Now, this is going to
enable you to simplify your entire
offer. And it's going to enable you to
increase what's called your earnings per
view. So, let's look at why what I'm
going to show you is going to simplify
your offer. So, the problem you
currently have is your genres. So, you
got your house, your trance, your drum
base, and they're all pointing to
individual sales pages, and that's okay.
It's super targeted. But what that means
is all of your traffic is constantly
going to different places. So, we've got
multiple funnels that we have to
optimize, and that's a lot of work. What
I think you should do is this. Now,
traditionally in marketing, it's a very
bad idea to point all different types of
people at one sales page cuz you can't
speak to all of them at once. But here's
how this works. So, years ago, for those
of you who've been around, I had a
girlfriend back in the day. Uh her name
was Liv and we still get on today. And
she had a yoga channel which we blew up
incredibly fast. You can see when I
started helping her with the channel,
she literally got two million views on
that first video. 1 million views, 8
million views. Like it it went
absolutely insane. And back then her
business model was low ticket workshops
and courses. So what we would do is
every month we would come out with a new
live workshop we'd sell and it was epic.
And it kind of solved the problem of
this warm audience depletion because
every month we'd have a new offer. We'd
launch to our list and sales would fly
in. that would then generate sales of
the old offers too. And we did this
month after month after month for about
18 months. But then it got to the point
where Liv was like, h this is kind of
graining on me. Like every month we got
to prep this big event. And then we also
had marketing complexity with all these
different offers and it was getting too
much to promote. So we decided, let's
simplify the marketing and instead of
having lots of offers that we're driving
people to, let's simplify it. So, we
just drive people to one sales page with
one offer. And the idea was that if we
could only have one thing we ever sold,
you could optimize one funnel, but also
it's just an easier life. And like Liv
wasn't looking to make multiple millions
a year. She wanted like a good lifestyle
and a really strong business that was
easier. So, what we did is I didn't do
this. This was all Liv. She set up a
very slick bit of kit called Screen.
It's kind of like Netflix for your
business. And she created a membership
which she's done a huge amount of work
to. What she did is she took all of that
content, all of these workshops, put it
all into the membership. She'd also been
doing tons of yoga training via Zoom
during co. So, she had this like insane
bank of content she'd been building up
for years and she put it all into a
membership, which is awesome. So, you
can see on here some of the results
people get from it were incredible. It
was an amazing project to be part of
because she was very good at helping
people. But then what made this even
smarter was the problem when you have a
huge bank of content is it can become a
bit overwhelming right and people don't
know what to click on. So, she turned
the content into challenges,
step-by-step series that if you follow,
it will help get you a result and build
this platform where you can see here,
right? It's like, look, do this over 6
weeks. Watch this video, watch this one,
then this one, then this one, and you'll
get a result. And by giving that
structure amongst a mass of content,
it's enabled us to produce a fantastic
product. Now, she won't let me say the
numbers, but she does very well,
right? And the cool thing about this is
she just drives everyone to this one
offer now. And as a result, she has
retainer. So she never starts from zero.
And every month the business can get
bigger and bigger and bigger. And this
has enabled her to keep the lowest
ticket lifestyle in that it's kind of
more passive, but also to earn a lot in
a very simple way. So now I'm going to
show you how to work out if you should
create a membership system like this.
But more importantly, I'm going to show
you how to make more money from it
without increasing your views on your
channel at all. In fact, I'm going to
show you how to make three to seven
times more doing exactly the same thing
as you already are. And I'm going to use
this channel, Mr. Sonic Sound, as an
example. Right? So, the best way to look
at this, let's imagine that business is
like a ladder. And each rung of a ladder
is a sale from someone. So, business
one, all they ever do is make one sale.
Business two, when someone comes to
their site, they buy something. And then
maybe they come back a few months later
and they buy another. So they've got two
rungs. And then we have business three
who's got three rungs of the ladder,
meaning over the course of the year,
maybe people buy three things. So if you
sell a lot of low ticket products, we
don't need to get you more views. We
need to build you a longer ladder so
that every view that you convert buys
three, not one. But how do you do that
with a membership? Okay, so the first
step you need to take is finding what's
known as your average 12 month order
value. So to do that, just go to your
Stripe or your PayPal, whatever the heck
you've got, look at how much money that
you made over the last 12 months, and
then divide that number by the total
number of orders. So if you made 200K,
the neatest handwriting I've ever done,
and you sold 10,000 orders, your average
order value is $20. Then once you've got
that number, you just want to find out
how often people buy from you. So you
can do this in your Stripe or your
system. You just want to look for the
unique number of customers you've picked
up that year. So let's say you had 1,000
orders from 600 unique customers. That
means people bought from you 1.6
times over the year on average. Then
what we do is once we've got that
number, please do this. Honestly, it
could change your life. We're then going
to multiply those numbers. So let's say
we found that our average order value
was 20 and the average person bought 1.5
times. What that means is their average
lifetime value is $30 over the course of
that year. Right? So this is where it
gets very interesting. Once you know
this number, you can play a totally
different game. And knowing that number
is potentially going to be a
life-changing number for you. And before
I show you what to do with this, if
you're like, I don't know how to figure
this out, just go by this, right? If
people estimate, if people usually buy
from you just once, your number's one.
If you have a few repeat buyers, just
use 1.5. And if your audience buys
nearly everything you have, just use two
or three. So then what you're going to
do when you've got that number, you're
going to come over to the calculator,
which I've linked below, and you're
going to put in your average order
value, which we know is $20 in this
example. So I'm going to look at your
site, and we're using pounds here. It
looks like you've got a mixture of
prices. I'm just going to guess that
your average order value for now is $29.
All right. And then I'm going to guess
the average buyer comes to you $1.5. So
what that means is this will work out
your current lifetime value or the 12
month value of that client and it is
$43. So every time someone buys from you
on average they're going to spend 43
with you over that year. Then what you
want to do is you're going to put in
your membership price and the membership
is going to bundle all of your content
into one offer. And I'm going to say,
right, we're just going to charge 49 a
month for this. And we're going to
assume we can keep the average person
for 3 months, which is a kind of typical
sort of number that I see. If we press
compare low ticket versus membership
now, we can now see that your current
low ticket model makes you $43 per
person. And if we switch to a membership
where they only stay 3 months, you make
$147.
And remember, you would actually drive
more people to your membership page
because every link on every video would
point towards it. So this means you
would generate just by switching to
membership potentially 237%
more from what you're already doing
based on the views you already get. No
channel growth at all, just remaining
consistent. Now, what we can also do is
add a yearly option. And this is what
makes memberships kind of cool. So,
let's say it's 49 a month and we
discount and we say become a member and
we'll give you 2 months for free and
that the member buys for a year. We
don't know if they're going to stay for
longer. That will then generate you $490
per sale. Meaning you are making $446
per person, a value increase of a,000%
which is like a 10x. All because you
repositioned what you were already
selling into something that will feel to
people more valuable. Why will it feel
more valuable? Because you're going to
say to them, look, you can get
everything I make for $49, not just one
thing. Now, I'm not going to go into the
intricate marketing details of how we do
it. I just want to show you the
potential here to get you thinking. Now,
I need to mention something. So, when
you make this jump to a membership, it's
very likely your earnings are going to
go down for a few months. And that's
kind of what happened with Liv. She had
other income sources which helped. But
then what you'll find is over time it
will go up and up and up. But there is a
slight issue here because this will help
with the genre hopping thing because we
can position the offer to appeal to them
all. It'll take a bit of work, but it's
definitely possible. They just need to
know that the sound they clicked on is
included in that membership. It reduces
marketing complexity because there's
only one thing you need to optimize just
getting people from YouTube to that
sales page and do they sign up or not.
But it doesn't fix low ticket urgency.
So you'll still find if you do this the
months where there's no special offer on
the sales are going to dribble in rather
than shoot and explode. However, we can
game that system with value ads. So, for
example, you could turn around and email
your list and say, "This month, I'm
adding a free live Q&A workshop with
everyone who buys this. Come on in." And
that works. I've tried that. You can
build email automation. So, anytime
someone signs up to your list, you could
probably hit them with some sort of
offer in the final day where it's like,
"Sign up today and we'll add this in to
create some urgency." You can play
around with pricing tiers. So we could
have the regular option and then the pro
option and some months you could maybe
say the pro option is now available at
the same price as the regular. You can
create a more irresistible offer. So the
thing that excites me about this is and
it would take work is once you've worked
out how to position this offer to appeal
to all of your different genres on one
page, it will seem irresistible cuz
they're going to get loads of stuff for
a very strong price point. And it's also
good because every time you promote,
it's going to one offer, not multiple.
Now, don't go and just do that because a
man with stupid glasses told you to on
the internet. It's just an example of
what's possible that could solve your
problem because right now you think you
need more views. I actually think you
probably need more people buying your
stuff. And there's many different ways
of doing that. But let's move on to low
ticket solution number two. Now, the
other thing they wanted to know was
should they do low ticket versus high
ticket? And it wasn't just them who
wrote in saying, "Dear Ed, help me.
Thinking about doing high ticket, too."
So, this is Robin. So, Robin has an AI
coding channel, and he wrote in and he
said, "Dear Uncle Ed," he didn't say
that, but if you write in again, please
do. He says, "His biggest problem is
getting people to buy. Whenever I add
urgency, like a 20% birthday sale, I'll
get five to six sales in a day. If
there's none, I'll get the same numbers
per week." So, he's basically going
through what I just showed you. I've
considered copying your cohort model
from back in the day, which I was part
of, to create real urgency. I'd love
your input. So, what the heck is a
cohort model? Well, a cohort model is
basically where you run a program for,
say, 8 weeks and people start at the
beginning and then each week they do a
task together and by the end they've all
learned something or got some sort of
result or built something. So, it's kind
of like a big group exercise you do. And
these can make people a heck of a lot of
money. And this is a great way for
people to transition from low ticket to
high ticket. So let me give an example.
This is one of my clients recently. When
they came to me, they were doing about
3K a month. They launched their first
low ticket and they did their first 20K
a month. And then a few months later,
they were like, "Time to go high
ticket." And the last time I spoke to
them, we haven't got the data in yet.
They signed up seven people, but still
had 60 calls left and only 20 spaces. So
they're going to sell it out. And what
that will mean is I imagine they'll do
60 or $70,000 from a launch. This is
another client. Same thing. Then they
came to me, they were doing low ticket
courses about 20K a month. We got them
to launch a high ticket which sold 37K.
They launched their second one did 100K
using this cohort model that I'm about
to show you. But it's not perfect. So
what you're going to find with the
cohort model is you have peaks and
troughs. So pay attention to this line
here. The first time you launch it, you
might make $50,000. I know these numbers
are insane, right? The next time you
might do 60, the next time 75, the next
time 85, but you've got these gaps in
the middle where you're not going to
make much money, if anything at all. So,
what you need to work out is if you want
to do this, is this a better option for
you with these peaks and troughs than
the low ticket or the membership option?
So, I'm going to help you guys work that
out now with another fantastic
calculator you can get below. But before
you go jumping in, let's just look at
the cons of running something like this,
a high ticket program. And this is gonna
be a lot more work than selling on
demand courses. You are going to have to
deal with people. You're going to have
to deal with confused people, annoying
people, stupid people. Right? The other
thing I would say is I've been selling
high ticket cohorts and courses now for
3 years. And there's very few people who
are still doing it from when I started.
In fact, most people I see do this seem
to come in, run a few, and then go,
"Nope, going back to the way it was. It
was easier." because it can become quite
stressful. Can doesn't have to be. Now,
really, this isn't the dream a lot of
people come to YouTube with where they
just want to make videos and make money.
So, that's the con. The pros, you will
earn significantly higher dollar per
view, which means you can basically make
more money without going viral. It is
more rewarding working with people
because when you do on demand, you don't
often see that many results. You kind of
have to hound them. I think Lib's done a
great job of getting people to send in
their visual proof, but you have to be
very hot on that with low ticket. It's
going to protect you against AI. So, not
Robin cuz he's in AI, but many people
who sell passive templates and creative
assets, it's not going to be long before
AI is just making them for everyone. I'm
already building websites and apps in a
couple of minutes. Higher ticket
services are protecting you against that
because AI will take the baseline from
beginner to okay very fast, but getting
from okay to excellent is still going to
require that human support. And it's
probably the easiest money I've ever
made. When I look back to when I was
running my cohort, it was the same. It
was just easy. It was very little work
looking after and I used to do as much
as I could. But when you're looking
after a group of like 20 people, it's
not that much work. All right. So, if
you're thinking, I want to try this
approach, which is the one Robin's
thinking about. Step one, we need to
work out your audience temperature. What
does that mean? Well, you need to launch
to something. And you can't launch a
product on a YouTube channel very well.
You can if you're in Mangadzi and Horosi
and these big live streams and webinars,
but you need to be very good at that to
start off with. So, you do need an email
list. And if you want a decent launch,
we're probably looking at 3,000 people
on your email list minimum. Getting 40%
open rates already. That means your
list's kind of hot and into you. We also
want to be making sure you're probably
getting around 50,000 views a month
because that's going to show a decent
audience size. Ideally, you've had
existing sales from your low ticket
stuff or calls. So, you've got existing
clients. These are going to be people
that buy from you straight away. And
also, you get a lot of comments below
your videos. Not many people talk about
this. And there's many other signs. I'm
not going to go into them all today, but
if you've launched a video and in the
first day you get like 10 comments and
it's just people not really adding any
value to the comments. They're just
saying how much they love you. You have
a lot of buyers there and you have fans.
That's powerful. So once you have an
idea of what those metrics are for
yourself, we can work out the potential.
And of course, I have built you a
calculator because anyone can build apps
now. So this calculator here, I'm just
going to put AI. What's your niche? So
if you want to figure this out for
yourself, link in the description. I'll
email it to you. Put your niche in. Put
how many unique buyers your low ticket
offer already has. So I'm going to guess
I don't know Robin's. I'm going to say
30. And I'm going to say he's selling
whatever he's selling for $4.95. Now, I
know Robin, and I know he's been in tech
for years, so he could charge thousands
for his service because he's going to be
very good at it. So, I'm going to say
his high ticket offer price is going to
be 3,000. I'm going to say the expected
conversion rate is going to be one. What
this means is when we launch to our
email list or when we drive people to
our sales page, 1% of the people who
visit are going to convert. Now, this
number, if you are good at making
content, good at writing emails, and you
are an expert, it's totally achievable.
If you're new to everything, it's not
going to be that high. It'll probably be
pretty low because you have to get good
at YouTube and this will increase.
Monthly views. I checked it out. Robin's
getting about 213,000 a month, which is
a lot. Weekly posting frequency. He's
popping out one a week like a good boy.
And how long he's been posting. Hm. He's
not been posting that long, right? Let
me explain what this means. So, how long
you have been posting makes a big
difference to how easy it is to sell
stuff to your audience. So Robin's just
over 6 months, but he's had other
channels before. He's very good on
camera. He's got a ton of credibility.
He's he's not a beginner creator. So
although this channel is only 6 months
old, he's producing content at a level
of someone who's been doing it for 2 or
3 years, but his channel is only under a
year. So basically, if you're new to
YouTube and your content quality is not
that good yet, it's going to massively
impact how easy it is to get people to
buy. But I'm just going to put this
under a year for Robin right now. And
then take if you have an email list. I
know he does. I'm gonna guess his email
list is 3,000. I'm gonna say his email
open rates are 40%. I'm gonna say he if
he's been selling 30 products a month
for six months, say he's going to has
sold 180. Now, before we hit the
analyze, I'm going to tick this. This is
the cohort model because Robin's going
to launch a cohort, not something that's
open all the time. So, we're going to
analyze. And as we can see here, he's
ready for high ticket. Strong email
list. It's hitting all the benchmarks
that I spoke about. And we can see the
growth potential. So his current monthly
revenue based on my estimates is about
$13,000. If he switches to cohort and
runs four a year, the average of his
entire year each month will be 27,000.
And you can see based on let's say he
does four launches over the course of
the year. What will happen is each
launch I recommend you let more people
in. So he'll start with 10 just to test
it. Next one will do 20. Once he's
figured out any bottlenecks and made it
better, he can start bringing 40 people
in. And that will then make him $330,000
over the year if he hits these metrics.
This little green tick basically means
that he doesn't need to get any more
views. He can maintain the growth and
the views, his baseline views for a year
and can maintain his email list and he
will probably hit these numbers so long
as the offer is good and he gets some
good testimonials. Now we know that
Robin is capable of hitting these
numbers. It would be a good idea to
launch, right? So, what we're going to
do is create some hype. So, because he's
already got a email list of thousands of
people, you want to start teasing
something's coming, something big,
something special, something that's
gamechanging. And you're going to do
this in the runup. Now, I'm not going to
go into the whole launch strategy today,
but we want to show off and get people
excited and get them onto a wait list.
All right, so step four, we just need to
convert people. That means is we need to
make them become a client. And you're
not going to like this bit
because there's different ways of doing
it, but some of them might mean that you
have to do things that you don't really
get that excited about doing. So, let me
explain. So, 3 years ago when I started
selling cohorts, I was very fortunate in
that every video I was making was
getting 150 200,000 views back on my old
channel, Film Booth. So, I had a huge
amount of volume looking at me and I had
a big email list, too. And I wanted to
sell out my first cohort with 20 spaces.
So, when you have an audience of like
250,000 regular viewers a month, you
know, a million viewers a month
sometimes looking at you, that's not
very hard. So, I would email my list and
say, "Spaces are open. Apply." I would
then look at the applications and we
would get like hundreds fly in. Most
were like I couldn't help, so they
didn't get an invite. Then I would send
an application to people to say, "Here,
if you would like to sign up, here's the
payment link. It's $5,000, please." and
people would pay it, which back then no
one else had ever heard of anyone doing,
but I built so much trust with my
audience and such a it worked. Like it
was pretty easy getting people over the
line and those 20 spaces would fill out.
Sometimes I would also send people a
little Loom video. So say if someone
applied and I was like, "Oh, I really
want to work with this person." I'd send
them a loom. A loom is just a screen
recorded video with me in it just
saying, "Yeah, here's the link. Can't
wait to work with you. Please get it
done in the next 24 hours cuz the spaces
are going fast." And we move on. That's
like the dream scenario. very little
work. You get to pick who you work with
and it just flies off the shelf. That's
probably not going to happen because I
still haven't heard that happening to
anyone else other than me ever. So,
what's more realistic is you actually
have these other options. So, if you
don't have a very trusted name, you
don't have a very big audience and
selling out 20 spaces is going to be
tough. You're going to have to speak to
people. You have to get them to book in
a call and you're going to have to work
out if they're right fit. And then
you're going to have to try and convince
them will come and join my thing if you
are, which people don't like doing. The
next is you try my apply and then loom
approach. And then the next is you just
put a buy now button on your page. But
we could rename these. The first would
be earn more, work more. The second
would be earn less, work less. And the
one the bottom would be slash your sales
and do nothing. We have to be realistic
here. Like if you're new to this, we
can't have a buy now. If you have the
problem I had where I had so much
volume, I didn't know what to do with
it. I could have got away with that. The
same for the loom. But if you don't, you
have to talk to a human being.
Otherwise, they ain't going to give you
thousands of dollars. So, if you're
going to do calls, here's my advice.
Start simple and add friction. What does
that mean? Well, lots of people use type
forms and these apps that create huge
surveys that people go through so that
by the time they get to the end, they're
either right for the call or not. But I
didn't do that. When I decided I finally
wanted to bring in calls and scale, I
just created the simplest form with the
idea that we'll take a load of calls and
if there's loads of the wrong people
turning up, we'll then add more
friction. So, we'll add in more
questions to the form. And you know
what? We never really needed to. It
wasn't that bad. So, before you go and
do anything really complex with your
sales process, what you would do is just
take some calls and see what happens. If
it's full of time wasters and people who
are the wrong fit or can't afford you,
then start adding more friction to the
form, things about pricing, things about
when they want to start, things about
their experience. If you do the apply
then loom option, all you do is you
drive people to your application and
your sales page. You pick your winners
that you really want to work with and
you just send a loom. And if you do a
buy now, just drive people to your sales
page and cross your fingers and hope for
the best. But this is what you're going
to go through. So the first time you do
this, you don't know what you're doing.
And even if I help you, I don't know
what's going to happen. We can't predict
how many time wasters are going to get
in touch, what's going to happen, how
easy sales will be, how hot your
audience is. Even with all these
numbers, I kind of know, but it's still
not a guarantee. So the first launch is
painful. The second launch is easier
because we've worked out, do we need
more friction in your sales process? Do
we need to change the sales page? Do we
need to be more aggressive with your
marketing? Do we need to appeal to a
different person? And the lessons you
will learn between one and two are worth
millions. Then launch three is easy
because we know what to expect. We have
benchmarks. We understand that if a,000
people go to the sales page, 1% will
book a call and then 50% of those will
become clients. So, we have numbers to
base things on, which makes optimization
of a funnel much easier. And then the
fourth time you do it, it's actually
going to start to bore you a little bit.
And you're going to go, "Oh, this is
easy. I just make a h 100red grand every
quarter and running it's easy and I've
worked out how to make this program
better." And that's when you're going to
want to go, "Right, it's time to build a
bigger thing." But how do you build a
bigger thing? Well, you start with a
small thing. So, if you want to know
exactly how to go from zero to a million
dollars selling high ticket, watch this
video here and I'll show you the exact
process that I used. And if you'd like
to apply for one of my roasts, there's a
link below. Not my Sunday roasts.